In the early 1950s Walt[ORG] Disney[ORG] founded WED Enterprises, a corporate entity created to plan and build an amusement park near Los Angeles. Financing the endeavour proved difficult, but Disney was able to secure a significant portion of the funding from the American Broadcasting Company (ABC); ABC received in return the rights to produce a weekly Disney television program and a share of the park’s profits. Construction began on July 21, 1954, and was completed on July 17, 1955.
Disney’s[ORG] disposition toward nostalgic sentiment and fantasy is evident in the park’s design and construction. The themed areas originally opened in Disneyland were Main Street, U.S.A., evoking a Midwestern American town at the turn of the 20th century; Fantasyland, based partly on stories from Disney animated features; Adventureland, a jungle-themed area; Frontierland, featuring the Mark Twain Riverboat; and Tomorrowland, an optimistic vision of the future. Subsequent additions were New Orleans Square, based on the southern U.S. city of New Orleans; Bear Country, later renamed Critter Country, featuring the Country Bear Jamboree and the Splash Mountain ride; and Mickey’s Toontown, a colourful world modeled on cartoon animation. A short-lived Holidayland existed from 1957 to 1961. The Anaheim property also holds a sister park, Disney’s California Adventure, which opened in 2001; a separate shopping, dining, and entertainment area called Downtown Disney District; and three hotels.
The Little Prince is a novella by French[GEO] aristocrat, writer, and aviator Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. It was first published in English and French in the US by Reynal & Hitchcock in April 1943, and posthumously in France following the liberation of France as Saint-Exupéry's works had been banned by the Vichy Regime. The story follows a young prince who visits various planets in space, including Earth, and addresses themes of loneliness, friendship, love, and loss. Despite its style as a children's book, The Little Prince makes poignant observations about life and human nature.
The Little Prince became Saint-Exupéry's most successful work, selling an estimated 140 million copies worldwide, which makes it one of the best-selling and most translated books ever published. It has been translated into 361 languages and dialects.The Little Prince has been adapted to numerous art forms and media, including audio recordings, radio plays, live stage, film, television, ballet, and opera.